Implement source event `DownloadFinishedEvent` (#309)
bitmovin/bitmovin-player-react-native: CHANGELOG.md

- `LiveConfig.minTimeshiftBufferDepth` to control the minimum buffer depth of a stream needed to enable time shifting.
- `Player.buffer` to control buffer preferences and to query the current buffer state

> - `DownloadFinishedEvent` to indicate once a download was finished

Reviewer: nit: What do you think of rewording this a little bit? It flows better for me this way.

```suggestion
- `DownloadFinishedEvent` to signal when the download of specific content has finished
```
